What are the benefits of using CSS?
ans: The main advantage of CSS is that style is applied consistently across variety of sites. One instruction can control several areas which is advantageous. 

What are the disadvantages of CSS?
ans: After making the changes we need to confirm the compatibility if they appear. The similar change affects on all the browsers. 

What is the difference between CSS2 and CSS3? 
ans: with CSS2 only websafe fonts can be used and with CSS3 special fonts can be used such as those in google fonts and typecats.

Name a few CSS style components
ans: name, id, class 

What do you understand by CSS opacity?
ans: The opacity CSS property sets the opacity of an element. Opacity is the degree to which content behind an element is hidden, and is the opposite of transparency. 

How can the background color of an element be changed?
ans: We can set background color by selecting the element by its class name of id name and then apply the background-color property on it to set the background color. 

How can image repetition of the backup be controlled?
ans: To control the repetition of an image in the background, use the background-repeat property.  

What is the use of the background-position property?
ans: The background-position property sets the starting position of a background image. 

Which property controls the image scroll in the background?
ans: The background-attachment property sets whether a background image scrolls with the rest of the page, or is fixed. 

Why should background and color be used as separate properties?
ans: It enhances the legibility of style sheets. The background property is a complex property in CSS, and if it is combined with color, the complexity will further increase. 

How to center block elements using CSS1?
ans:  By setting the properties margin-left and margin-right to auto and width to some explicit value:
 
How to maintain the CSS specifications?
ans:  CSS describes how elements should be rendered on screen, on paper, in speech, or on other media.  

What are the ways to integrate CSS as a web page?
ans: CSS can be added to HTML documents in 3 ways: Inline - by using the style attribute inside HTML elements. Internal - by using a <style> element in the <head> section. External - by using a <link> element to link to an external CSS file. 

What is embedded style sheets?
ans: Embedded Stylesheet allows you to define styles for a particular HTML document as a whole in one place. 

What are the external style sheets?
ans: An external style sheet is a separate CSS file that can be accessed by creating a link within the head section of the webpage.  

What are the advantages and disadvantages of using external style sheets?
ans: The style of a few documents can be controlled from the site by utilizing them.
     The additional download is expected to import documents having style information. 

What is the meaning of the CSS selector?
ans: CSS selectors are used to find or select the HTML elements you want to style. 

What are the media types allowed by CSS?
ans: continuous or paged, visual, audio, speech, or tactile, grid or bitmap. 

What is the rule set?
ans: A selector group and an associated declarations block, together, are called a ruleset, or often a rule.